Docs 5261 sns dh (#356)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amazon/amazon-sns-connector-examples.adoc

+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-http-properties.png[http-properties]
+
. In the Mule Palette, search for *SNS* and select the *Publish* operation:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-publish-selection.png[publish-selection]
+
.Drag the *Publish* operation to the right of the *HTTP Listener* component.
. In the *Publish* configuration Click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a global element.
. Configure the global element as follows:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Description|Value
|*Name* |Name used to reference the configuration. |<Config_Name>
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account. |<Config_Access_Key>
|*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password. |<Config_Secret_Key>
|*Region Endpoint* |Queue reqion | Select the queue region.
|===
+
For example:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-global-config.png[sns-global-configuration]
+
Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sns:config name="Amazon_SNS_configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SNS configuration" >
    <sns:basic-connection
      accessKey="ZZZ9kc4luuvCC"

>     secretKey="GGGOdVkXe16L" />

Reviewer: Replace accessKey value with AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE and secretKey value with wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY please.

</sns:config>
----
+
. Select the *Global Elements* tab.
. Select the *Amazon SNS configuration (Configuration)* and click *Edit*.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the SNS instance.
** If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save the configurations.
** Otherwise, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and test again.
. Go back to the flow and select *Publish*:
. Configure the remaining parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
2+|*Basic Settings*
|*Display Name* |`Publish` or any other name you prefer.
|*Connector configuration*|`Amazon_SNS_configuration` (the reference name to the global element you created).
2+|*General*

> |*Topic arn* |`arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test` or any other Amazon resource name (ARN).

Reviewer: Replace arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test with arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:sns-test please

|*Message* |``Hello World!``
|*Subject* |`Testing publish to queue`
|*Message structure* |`JSON`
|===
+
For example:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-publish-message.png[sns-publish-message-props]
+
. Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sns:publish doc:name="Publish"
  config-ref="Amazon_SNS_configuration"

>   topicArn="arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test"

Reviewer: Replace arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test with arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:sns-test please.

. In the Mule Palette, search for *Flow* and drag the *Flow* component to the canvas.
. In the Mule Palette, search for *SQS*, select the *Receivemessages* operation, and drag it to the left of the *Flow* component.
. Select the new component.
. Click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a new Amazon SQS connector global element.
. Configure the global element as follows:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Description|Value
|Name |Enter a name for the configuration to reference it. |<Configuration_Name>
|Access Key |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account. |Config_Access_Key
|Secret Key |Key that plays the role of a password. |<Config_Secret_Key>
|Default Global Queue URL |Set the queue URL |<Config_Queue_URL>.
|Region Endpoint |Queue region
|===
+
For example:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-sqs-config.png[sns-sqs-config]
+
Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sqs:config name="Amazon_SQS_Configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SQS Configuration"
  defaultQueueUrl="https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/sns-test" >
<sqs:basic-connection accessKey="AAAJSIIXXJLRPC632UV"

>   secretKey="ZZZo7kc4luuvsCjDnUjftK" />

Reviewer: Replace accessKey value with AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE and secretKey value with wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY please.

  xmlns:sns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/sns"
	xmlns:http="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http"
	xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core"
  xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation"
  xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
  xsi:schemaLocation="
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http/current/mule-http.xsd
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http/current/mule-http.xsd
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/sns
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/sns/current/mule-sns.xsd
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/sqs
  http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/sqs/current/mule-sqs.xsd">
	<http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_config"
  doc:name="HTTP Listener config" >
	<http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8081" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<flow name="sns-connector-exampleFlow" >
	<http:listener doc:name="HTTP"
  config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config" path="/"/>
	<sns:publish doc:name="Publish"
  config-ref="Amazon_SNS_configuration"

>   topicArn="arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test"

Reviewer: Replace arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test with arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:sns-test please.

= Amazon SNS Connector Examples - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

Common use cases for the connector include the following:

* Send SNS messages to Amazon SQS queues
* Send Amazon SNS messages to HTTP/HTTPS endpoints

== Send SNS Messages to Amazon SQS Queues

Amazon SNS works closely with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). By using Amazon SNS and Amazon SQS together, messages can be delivered to applications that:

* Require immediate notification of an event.
* Are persisted in an Amazon SQS queue for other applications to process at a later time.

When you subscribe an Amazon SQS queue to an Amazon SNS topic, you can publish a message to the topic. Amazon SNS then sends an Amazon SQS message to the subscribed queue.

Use the AWS Management Console to simplify the process of subscribing an Amazon SQS queue to an Amazon SNS topic.

[[send-http]]

> == Send Amazon SNS messages to HTTP/HTTPS Endpoints

Reviewer 2: Init cap "Messages"

|*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password. |<Config_Secret_Key>
|*Region Endpoint* |Queue reqion | Select the queue region.
|===
+
For example:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-global-config.png[sns-global-configuration]
+
Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sns:config name="Amazon_SNS_configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SNS configuration" >
    <sns:basic-connection
      accessKey="ZZZ9kc4luuvCC"
    secretKey="GGGOdVkXe16L" />
</sns:config>
----
+
. Select the *Global Elements* tab.
. Select the *Amazon SNS configuration (Configuration)* and click *Edit*.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the SNS instance.
** If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save the configurations.
** Otherwise, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and test again.
. Go back to the flow and select *Publish*:
. Configure the remaining parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
2+|*Basic Settings*
|*Display Name* |`Publish` or any other name you prefer.
|*Connector Configuration*|`Amazon_SNS_configuration` (the reference name to the global element you created).
2+|*General*

> |*Topic arn* |`arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test` or any other topic arn.

Reviewer 2: Change "arn" to "Amazon resource name (ARN)"

|*Message* |``Hello World!``
|*Subject* |`Testing publish to queue`
|*Message structure* |`JSON`
|===
+
For example:
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-publish-message.png[sns-publish-message-props]
+
. Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sns:publish doc:name="Publish"
  config-ref="Amazon_SNS_configuration"
  topicArn="arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:480410955647:sns-test"
  messageStructure="JSON">
  <sns:message ><![CDATA[#[`Hello World`]]]></sns:message>
</sns:publish>
----

> === Print the Data Processed by the Publish Operation

Reviewer 2: "Print" should be "Display" (and in the next paragraph)

+
[source,xml]
----
<sqs:config name="Amazon_SQS_Configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SQS Configuration"
  defaultQueueUrl="https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/sns-test" >
<sqs:basic-connection accessKey="AAAJSIIXXJLRPC632UV"
  secretKey="ZZZo7kc4luuvsCjDnUjftK" />
</sqs:config>
----
+
Make sure the SQS queue in the configuration is subscribed to the SNS topic.
+
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the SQS instance:
** If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save it.
** If the connection is not successful, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and then test again.
. In the properties editor of the Amazon SQS connector, configure the remaining parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
2+|Basic Settings
|Display Name |`Amazon SQS (Streaming)`, or any other name you prefer.
|Connector configuration*|`Amazon_SQS_Configuration` (the reference name to the global element you have created).
|Other fields in the *General* group | Default values
|===
+
Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sqs:receivemessages doc:name="Amazon SQS (Streaming)"

>   doc:id="d3b24d1d-6976-4c8b-bd99-3ab84dd1811d"

Reviewer 2: Remove the "doc:id" statement

  config-ref="Amazon_SQS_Configuration"/>
----
+
. Add a *Logger* scope after the Amazon SQS connector to print the data passed by the *Receive* operation in the Mule Console. Configure the *Logger* as follows:
+

> [%header%autowidth.spread]

Reviewer 2: If you used `[%header,cols="30s,70a"]` the "s" operator (next to 30) would automatically bold all values in the column.

|===
|Parameter |Value
|Display Name |`Display Message`, or any other name you prefer
|Message |'Received Message: #[payload]`
|Level |`INFO`
|===
+
. Save the project.

To run the project as a Mule app:

. Right-click the project in Package Explorer, and select *Run As > Mule Application*.

> . Open a web browser and check the response after entering the URL `+http://localhost:8081/`0.

Reviewer 2: Remove trailing zero in "+http://localhost:8081/`0."

+
[source,xml]
----
<sqs:config name="Amazon_SQS_Configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SQS Configuration"
  <sqs:basic-connection
    accessKey="AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE"
    secretKey="wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY"
    region="us-east-1" />
</sqs:config>
----
+
Make sure the SQS queue in the configuration is subscribed to the SNS topic.
+
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the SQS instance:
** If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save it.
** If the connection is not successful, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and then test again.
. In the properties editor of the Amazon SQS connector, configure the remaining parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
2+|Basic Settings
|Display Name |`Amazon SQS (Streaming)`, or any other name you prefer.
|Connector configuration*|`Amazon_SQS_Configuration` (the reference name to the global element you have created).
|Queue url | Set the queue URL
|Other fields in the *General* group | Default values
|===
+
Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sqs:receivemessages
  doc:name="Amazon SQS (Streaming)"

>   queueUrl="http://queue_url"

Reviewer: queue url shouldn't be http://queue_url it should be https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/queue_url

	<http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_config" doc:name="HTTP Listener config" >
	<http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8081" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<sns:config name="Amazon_SNS_configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SNS configuration" >
	<sns:basic-connection accessKey="AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE"
  secretKey="wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY"
  region="us-east-1"/>
	</sns:config>
	<sqs:config name="Amazon_SQS_Configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SQS Configuration" >
	<sqs:basic-connection region="us_east_1"
  accessKey="AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE"
  secretKey="wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY"/>
	</sqs:config>
	<flow name="sns-connector-exampleFlow" >
	<http:listener doc:name="HTTP"
  config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config" path="/"/>
	<sns:publish doc:name="Publish"
  topicArn="arn:aws:sns:us-east-3:123456789022:MyTopic" messageStructure="JSON"
  config-ref="Amazon_SNS_configuration">
	<sns:message ><![CDATA[#[`Hello World`]]]></sns:message>
	</sns:publish>
  <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger"
  message="`#[payload]`"/>
	</flow>
	<flow name="sns-connector-exampleFlow1" >
	<sqs:receivemessages doc:name="Amazon SQS (Streaming)"

>   queueUrl="http://queue_url"

Reviewer: queue url shouldn't be http://queue_url the url should be https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/queue_url

= Amazon SNS Connector Examples - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

> Common use cases for the connector include:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Common use cases for the Anypoint Connector for Amazon SNS (Amazon SNS Connector) include:
```

Reviewer 3: Spell out at the start of the narrative of each .adoc file; GLOBAL

* Sending SNS messages to Amazon SQS queues
* Sending Amazon SNS messages to HTTP/HTTPS endpoints

== Send Amazon SNS Messages to Amazon SQS Queues

Amazon SNS works closely with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). By using Amazon SNS and Amazon SQS together, messages can be delivered to applications that:

* Require immediate notification of an event.

> * Are persisted in an Amazon SQS queue for other applications to process at a later time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Are persisted in an Amazon SQS queue for other applications to process at later.
```

When you subscribe an Amazon SQS queue to an Amazon SNS topic, you can publish a message to the topic. Amazon SNS then sends an Amazon SQS message to the subscribed queue.

> Use the AWS Management Console to simplify the process of subscribing an Amazon SQS queue to an Amazon SNS topic.

Reviewer 3: No "the" before a proper noun:
```suggestion
Use AWS Management Console to simplify subscribing an Amazon SQS queue to an Amazon SNS topic.
```

> [[send-http]]

Reviewer 3: ORGANIZATION:
This file is titled Examples, so we should not have to repeat that in the subtitles, IMHO.
Also, the file intro lists the two use cases.
Suggest documenting the first case completely, with the example right after the conceptual text, and then moving to the conceptual text about the second case, followed by its own example, instead of putting the two conceptual topics together and then the two examples.

> == Send Amazon SNS Messages to HTTP/HTTPS Endpoints

Reviewer 3: Per previous comment, suggest moving this to follow the complete text about the first use case.

Author: See my comment below.

You can use Amazon SNS to send notification messages to one or more HTTP or HTTPS endpoints. When you subscribe an endpoint to am Amazon SNS topic, you can publish a notification to the topic. Amazon SNS then sends an HTTP POST request that delivers the contents of the notification to the subscribed endpoint.

> == Example: Use the Connector to Send SNS Messages to Amazon SQS Queues

Reviewer 3: Suggest moving this to follow the introduction to this use case, and omitting this subtitle.

> The following diagram shows the flows for this example:

Reviewer 3: IF you reorg...
```suggestion
The following diagram shows an example flow for this use case:
```

image::amazon/amazon-sns-use-case-flow.png[send-messages-to-SQS]

Before you try the example,

> access Studio, and check to see if the Mule Palette displays entries for *Amazon SNS* and *Amazon SQS*.  If not, follow the instructions in <<amazon/amazon-sns-connector-studio.adoc#install-connector,Install the Connector in Studio Using Exchange>> to install both connectors.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
access Anypoint Studio and verify that the Mule palette displays entries for *Amazon SNS* and *Amazon SQS*.  If not, follow the instructions in <<amazon/amazon-sns-connector-studio.adoc#install-connector,Install the Connector in Studio Using Exchange>> to install both connectors.
```

To configure a Mule app that uses a connector to send Amazon SNS messages to Amazon SQS queues:

. Create a new Mule project in Anypoint Studio.
+

> . In the Mule Palette, search for *HTTP*, and select the *Listener* operation:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the Mule palette, search for *HTTP* and select the *Listener* operation:
```

Author: Mule Pallet is what appears in Studio so I am keeping as is.

+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-select-listener.png[select-listener]
+
. Drag the *Listener* operation to the canvas.
. In the *Listener* configuration, click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a global element.
. Accept the defaults.
. In the *Listener* configuration *General* tab, set the *Display Name* field to `HTTP` and the *Path* field to`/''.
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-http-properties.png[http-properties]
+

> . In the Mule Palette, search for *SNS* and select the *Publish* operation:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the Mule palette, search for *SNS* and select the *Publish* operation:
```

+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-publish-selection.png[publish-selection]
+

> .Drag the *Publish* operation to the right of the *HTTP Listener* component.

Reviewer 3: What does it mean with a step like this shows up in blue text?

Author: Looks like it means there is an AsciiDoc error because there was no space between the period and "Drag."

. In the *Publish* configuration, click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a global element.
. Configure the global element as follows:

> +

Reviewer 3: Because this is three values, a table is the correct format. Unless you combine the description and value into one text (should you prefer a definition list format).

Reviewer 3: No periods in any of these table cell entries.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Description|Value
|*Name* |Name used to reference the configuration. |`Amazon_SNS_Configuration` or another name.
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account. |`AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE` or another access key.
|*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password. |`wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY` or another secret key.

> |*Region Endpoint* |Queue reqion. | Select the queue region.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|*Region Endpoint* |Queue reqion. | The queue region
```
...because this is an entry in the Value column and not an action column....

|===
+

> For example:

Reviewer 3: Because this follows a table, I suggest that this be more of a descriptive sentence: The following image shows....

+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-global-config.png[sns-global-configuration]
+

> Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:

Reviewer 3: This is a step, right?
```suggestion
. Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
```

+
[source,xml]
----
<sns:config name="Amazon_SNS_Configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SNS configuration" >
  <sns:basic-connection
    accessKey=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE
    secretKey=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY />
</sns:config>
----

> +

Reviewer 3: GLOBALLY review UI actions to be sure that "select" is used for a choice between two or more options and "click" is used activate a solitary control.
Per style ref.
Note that check boxes and radio buttons use "select."

. Select the *Global Elements* tab.
. Select the *Amazon SNS configuration (Configuration)* and click *Edit*.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the SNS instance.
** If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save the configurations.
** Otherwise, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and test again.
. Go back to the flow and select *Publish*:
. Configure the remaining parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]

> |===

Reviewer 3: Consider definition list.

Author: I will write this down for the future

|Parameter |Value
2+|*Basic Settings*
|*Display Name* |`Publish` or another name.
|*Connector configuration*|`Amazon_SNS_configuration` (the reference name to the global element you created).
2+|*General section*
|*Topic arn* |Amazon resource name (ARN).
|*Message* |``Hello World!``
|*Subject* |`Testing publish to queue`
|*Message structure* |`JSON`
|===
+

> For example:

Reviewer 3: Suggest a more detailed intro. following the table.

+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-publish-message.png[sns-publish-message-props]
+
. Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sns:publish doc:name="Publish"
  config-ref="Amazon_SNS_Configuration"
  topicArn="arn:aws:sns:us-east-3:123456789022:MyTopic"
  messageStructure="JSON">
  <sns:message ><![CDATA[#[`Hello World`]]]></sns:message>
</sns:publish>
----

=== Display the Data Processed by the Publish Operation

> In the same same example, add a *Logger* component to display the data processed by the *Publish* operation on the Mule console.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using the same example, add a Logger component to display the data processed by the Publish operation on the Mule console.
```
No need to boldface these as UI labels. Here, they are just names. We are not quoting the UI at this point.

> . In the Mule Palette, search for *Logger*, and drag the component to the right of the Amazon SNS Connector (*Publish*).

Reviewer 3: I suggest GLOBALLY lowercasing "palatte," because it is more of a location than an actual label, right? 
I'll stop marking it in this PR set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the Mule palette, search for the *Logger* component and drag it to the right of Amazon SNS Connector (*Publish*).
```

. Configure the *Logger* component as follows:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value

> |*Display Name* |`Logger` or another name.

Reviewer 3: no period

|*Message* |`#[payload]`
|*Level* |`INFO`
|===
+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-logger.png[sns-logger]

[[receive-sns]]
=== Receive SNS Messages

> In the same example, add a second flow that enables Amazon SQS to receive messages published by Amazon SNS:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using the same example, add a second flow that enables Amazon SQS to receive messages published by Amazon SNS:
```

. In the Mule Palette, search for *Flow* and drag the *Flow* component to the canvas.

> . In the Mule Palette, search for *SQS*, select the *Receivemessages* operation, and drag it to the left of the *Flow* component.

Reviewer 3: Is "it" SQS or Receivemessages? Clarify.

. Select the new component.
. Click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a new Amazon SQS connector global element.
. Configure the global element as follows:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]

> |===

Reviewer 3: No periods

|Parameter |Description|Value

> |Name |Enter a name for the configuration to reference it. |`Amazon_SNS_Configuration` or another name.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Name |A name by which to refer to the configuration |`Amazon_SNS_Configuration` or another name
```

|Access Key |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account.
|`AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE` or another access key.
|Secret Key |Key that plays the role of a password. |`wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY` or another secret key.

> |Region Endpoint |Queue region. | Select the queue region.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Region Endpoint |Queue region| The queue region
```

|===
+

> For example:

Reviewer 3: DITTO/GLOBAL more descriptive intro fragment or sentence

+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-sqs-global-config.png[sns-sqs-config]
+

> Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:

Reviewer 3: Format as a step.

+
[source,xml]
----
<sqs:config name="Amazon_SQS_Configuration"
  doc:name="Amazon SQS Configuration"
  <sqs:basic-connection
    accessKey="AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE"
    secretKey="wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY"
    region="us-east-1" />
</sqs:config>
----
+

> Make sure the SQS queue in the configuration is subscribed to the SNS topic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Verify that the SQS queue in the configuration is subscribed to the SNS topic.
```

+
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the SQS instance:
** If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save it.
** If the connection is not successful, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and then test again.

> . In the properties editor of the Amazon SQS connector, configure the remaining parameters:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the properties editor of Amazon SQS Connector, configure the remaining parameters:
```

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
2+|Basic Settings

> |Display Name |`Amazon SQS (Streaming)`, or another name. |Connector configuration*|`Amazon_SQS_Configuration` (the reference name to the global element you created).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Display Name |`Amazon SQS (Streaming)` or another name |Connector configuration*|`Amazon_SQS_Configuration` (the reference name to the global element you created)
```

Reviewer 3: No periods

|Queue url | `\https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/queue_url` or another URL.
|Other fields in the *General* group | Default values.
|===
+

> For example:

Reviewer 3: ditto

+
image::amazon/amazon-sns-sqs-config.png[sns-sqs-config]
+
. Select the *Configuration XML* tab to view the corresponding XML:
+
[source,xml]
----
<sqs:receivemessages
  doc:name="Amazon SQS (Streaming)"
  queueUrl="https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/queue_url"
  config-ref="Amazon_SQS_Configuration"/>
----
+

> . Add a *Logger* scope after the Amazon SQS connector to print the data passed by the *Receive* operation in the Mule Console. Configure the *Logger* as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Add a *Logger* scope after Amazon SQS Connector to print the data passed by the *Receive* operation in the Mule console. 
. Configure the *Logger* as follows:
```

+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Parameter |Value

> |Display Name |`Display Message`, or another name.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Display Name |`Display Message` or another name
```

|Message |'Received Message: #[payload]`
|Level |`INFO`
|===
+
. Save the project.

To run the project as a Mule app:

> . Right-click the project in Package Explorer, and select *Run As > Mule Application*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Right-click the project in Package Explorer and select *Run As > Mule Application*.
```

> . Open a web browser and check the response after entering the URL `\http://localhost:8081/`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Open a web browser, enter the URL \http://localhost:8081/, and check the response.
```

+
The logger shows the published message ID on the browser and the received message on the Mule console.

[[example-code]]
=== Demo Mule Application XML Code

> Paste this code into your XML Editor to quickly load the flow for this example use case into your Mule application. If needed, change the values to reflect your environment.

Reviewer 3: There are lots of XML editors, so, unless we name a specific one, lowercase this:
```suggestion
Paste this code into your XML editor to quickly load the flow for this example use case into your Mule application. If needed, change the values to reflect your environment.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: code not edited
